[Music]
thank you
thank you uh first of all i just want to
say thank you to bafta for giving me
this opportunity and
finally recognizing i'm joking i'm very
proud i just want to start by thanking
my mom and dad winston and eve for
giving me life
i'm about that i wouldn't be here and
also my children
are riaz izzy and winston
to my beautiful wife sabrina thank you
guys i couldn't live without you
um listen i when i first got this award
i
was like well it's a bit early for a
lifetime achievement award
uh i was wrong it's a special award and
it is special
and i appreciate it i know that i don't
believe
i'm very special i believe that what
i've been given as an opportunity
and what i've done is taken my
opportunity and handed it backwards
and handed it to other people that need
that opportunity that is something
that you know what i didn't plan to do
it's just a natural
um feeling it's a natural uh
reaction i feel very grounded coming
from east london where i
was born and raised and i know that you
know
in east london we treat people we try to
treat people with respect because
everyone comes from the same cloth and
in the world of film and television
nothing is different in that sense
in other words no one's different so me
giving opportunity to someone else
is just part of my inheritance part of
my my upbringing
i'm hoping that from this point on in
this world in this junction that
everyone sees
that you can't make it without anyone
else that we all think about
paying it backwards to the person behind
you so they get an opportunity
that's definitely why i think i've got
this award
um one day i might get an acting award
but until that day
i'm going to make more opportunity for
more actors more writers
and more people to come and speak and
tell their story thanks so much i
appreciate it
never given me a job a full tank of
thank and a cleft of congrats
to idris